<h1>WORTHY FINANCIAL, INC.
<h4>Worthy Peer Capital, Inc. is the wholly owned subsidiary of Worthy Financial, Inc. – a financial services company committed to community capital. Their portfolio also contains Worthy Lending, LLC.; Worthy Peer Capital II, Inc.; and Worthy Lending II, LLC.  
<h4>Worthy Financial, Inc. was formed on February 24, 2016 as a Delaware corporation organized to create a “community,” focusing on peer financing and secured lending.
<h4>Founded by Sally Outlaw and Andrew Rachmell. Sally Outlaw is currently the CEO and Board Director of Worthy Financial.
<h4>Worthy Bonds are a legitimate alternative investment earning a fixed 5% interest on every $10 Worthy Bond purchase. Worthy Peer Capital II are currently facilitating a Regulation A offering of its Worthy II Bonds under Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) File No. 024-11150 which was qualified by the SEC on March 17, 2020.    
<h4>Worthy Peer Capital uses money from bond sales to fund fully secured, asset-backed small business loans. Businesses then repay loans to Worthy with interest. Investing in Worthy Bonds supports small businesses without investing in the stock market.
<h2>Business Activities
<h4>Worthy Financial was organized to create a “Worthy Community” which we were initially targeting to the millennials who are surpassing the baby boomers as the nation’s largest living generation. Management believes that this demographic in large part has a basic distrust of old guard financial institutions, is burdened by student loans and other debt, change employment frequently and is unable to save money and/or fund a retirement program
<h4>Worthy FinTech platforms consists of the Worthy App and the Worthy Website, that previously facilitated the purchase of Worthy Bonds from Worthy Peer and are currently facilitating the purchase of Worthy II Bonds from Worthy Peer II and provides information on accounts of the Worthy Bond and Worthy II Bond investors. Worthy Financial intends in the future to be compensated by its subsidiaries for use of the Worthy Fintech Platform.  
<h3>Worthy App  
<h4>The Worthy App was designed to support the target market for its bonds which they believe to be approximately 74 million millennials, who spend more than $600 billion a year. The Worthy App seeks to provide an easy way for our target market to micro invest including monetizing their debit card purchases, checking account linked credit card purchases and other checking account transactions by “rounding up” each purchase to the next highest dollar until the “round up” reaches $10.00 at which time the user would purchase a $10.00 Worthy Bond from Worthy Peer before the closing of the Worthy Peer Regulation A offering, which closed on March 17, 2020 and can be sued to purchase Worthy II Bonds from Worthy Peer II in their current Regulation A offering. The Worthy App is available via the web at worthybonds.com or for Apple iPhone users from the Apple Store and for Android phone users from Google Play.
<h3>Worthy Website
<h4>By accessing the website at www.worthybonds.com, prospective investors could create a username and password, and indicate agreement to our terms and conditions and privacy policy.
<h4>Worthy Bonds uses jQuery, Bootstrap, Amazon S3, and Amazon CloudFront for application and data; Google Analytics and SumoMe for utilities; and Gmail, Mailchimp, and Intercom for business tools.
<h2>Landscape
<h4>Worthy Bonds is a crowdfunded investing platform developed for microlending. Crowdfunding refers to raising money from the public, primarily through online forums, social media, and crowdfunding websites to finance a new project or venture. Equity crowdfunding takes this one step further. In exchange for relatively small amounts of cash, public investors get a proportionate slice of equity in the business venture. In this case, the consumer does not have to decide which specific loans to invest in instead every $10 bond purchased goes to funding every small business loan in the Worthy portfolio.
<h4>An alternative investment is an investment in an asset class other than traditional investments like stocks and bonds. The term is not very well defined and can consist of tangible assets to non-tangible assets. This case study considers equity crowdfunding as an alternative investment. Other examples include wine, gold, art, coins and as well as financial instruments like hedge funds, private equity, venture capital, distresses debt and newly evolved cryptocurrencies. New products are being constantly developed and the list is more illustrative than exhaustive.
<h4>Kickstarter and Indiegogo are examples of traditional crowdfunding platforms for donors. However, as an alternative investment platform, Kiva, 51Give, and BRAC are examples of crowdfunding for microlending, which is more of Worthy Financials’ niche.
<h2>Results
<h4>Worthy Financial is currently not profitable. Worthy Financial expects that it will lose money in the foreseeable future and may not be able to achieve profitable operations. In order to achieve profitable operations, they will need to raise significant proceeds from the sale of Worthy II Bonds and effectively deploy those proceeds by making secured loans or other permissible investments that provide a sufficient return to pay the interest payments on the Worthy II Bonds, fund operating expenses and generate a net profit. Worthy Financial cannot be certain that its business will be successful or that it will generate significant revenues and become profitable. An investment in Worthy Financial is highly speculative, and no assurance can be given that the stockholders will realize any return on their investment or that they will not lose their entire investment.
<h4>Worthy Financial may have substantial future cash requirements but no assured financing source to meet such requirements. To date, their revenues have been minimal, and we do not presently generate sufficient revenues to pay the interest on the Worthy Bonds, the Worthy II Bonds and fund operating expenses. Future capital requirements will depend on a number of factors, including their ability to generate sufficient “spread” between the interest rate on the Worthy Bonds and the interest Worthy Lending receives from loans and other permissible investments it makes using proceeds it received from the sale of Worthy Bonds. Their future capital requirements will also depend on our ability to generate sufficient “spread” between the interest rate on the Worthy II Bonds and the interest Worthy Lending II receives from loans and other permissible investments it makes using proceeds from the sale of Worthy II Bonds. If adequate funds are not available, the Company may be required to delay or scale back its business plan.
<h4>Worthy Financial may experience losses on the loans they make or other permissible investments by Worthy Peer and Worthy Peer II. Competition for employees is in this FinTech space is intense, and they may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled employees needed to support their business plan. They have a limited operating history in a rapidly evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate future prospects and may increase the risk that they will not be successful.
<h2>Recommendations
<h4>BE FULLY TRANSPARENT AND EDUCATE. First and foremost, although Worthy Bonds sound like a great low risk investment the consumer is investing in an unsecured bond. Worthy Financial marketing strategy in this regard is misleading by omission of the detail of the bond. In fact, they openly state their bonds are SEC secured which further confuses the novice investor into thinking the bonds are a safe and secure investment.
<h4>BE HONEST WITH YOUR PROPSECTIVE AUDIENCE ABOUT THE REWARDS AND RISK OF YOUR PRODUCT. If you are targeting millennials who have a basic distrust of old financial systems, then upfront honesty about the risk of the product is crucial.
<h4>FULLY INTEGRATE INTO THE ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT MARKET SPACE. Worthy Financial would benefit from offering some secure bond options at a competitive market rate. Although this will surely be lower than the 5% ROI they currently have on their unsecure bonds, offering some sort of investment that is guaranteed would build a better public trust in the product and encourage consumers into investing in the both “secured” and “unsecured” options.
<h4>OUTSOURCE TO SPUR GROWTH AND MITIGATE VULNERABILITES. Worthy Financial currently operates with a staff of 14 personnel and struggles to retain the type of data analytics professionals they need to maintain and grow the company. Leveraging companies such as BlackRock or Deloitte, who specialize in growing alternative platforms could be very beneficial long term.
<h4>Worthy Financial itself acknowledges: that in addition to millennials they may also seek to establish strategic relationships with local and national companies to incorporate their services to the benefits (packages) it provides to its hourly employees, borrowers and users, as well as veterans and municipal employees and colleges and university alumni associations.
<h2>References
<h4> https://worthybonds.com
<h4>https://www.startengine.com/worthyfinancial
<h4>https://sec.report/Document/0001493152-20-007125/
<h4>https://womenwhomoney.com/worthy-bonds-investment review /#:~:text=Worthy %20Peer %20 Capital%20uses%20money,investing%20in%20the%20stock%20market
<h4>https://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/102015/invest-through-equity-crowdfunding-risks-and-rewards.asp 
<h4>https://justcoded.com/blog/8-crowdfunding-trends-you-need-to-know/
<h4>https://www.blackrock.com/us/individual/investment-ideas/alternative-investments
       